Rework GCP Audit and DNS logs sections (#4793)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/gcp/supported-services/dns_queries.rst

DNS queries
===========

Wazuh has default rules for DNS queries made to a private DNS handled by the `Google Cloud DNS <https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs>`__ service. Those logs can be collected using the **gcp-pubsub** module. 

Configure Google DNS logs collection
------------------------------------

To collect the DNS queries made to the Google DNS service it is necessary to enable DNS logging. To do that, follow the `Google Cloud DNS logging guide <https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/monitoring>`_.

> Once DNS Cloud logging is configured, the generated logs must be ingested into a Pub/Sub topic so that Wazuh is able to collect them using the `Pub/Sub integration <pubsub>`. To achieve that, it is necessary to define a custom log router.

Author: Fixed in [766431d](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/4793/commits/766431db2d226ce17497762321c172d1e87fd3fd).

Finally, use the following query to collect all the DNS queries.

.. code-block:: none

    resource.type = "dns_query"

If it is not necessary to filter any logs out of the sink, click on the ``CREATE SINK`` button to create it.

.. thumbnail:: ../../images/gcp/gcp-create-sink-dns.png
    :align: center
    :width: 100%

Once this process is finished, you can configure the :ref:`Wazuh GCP Pub/Sub integration <pubsub>` to process the audit logs of the selected resources as usual.

Kibana dashboard visualization
------------------------------

After configuring the GCP Pub/Sub module to fetch the DNS logs from Google Cloud, it is possible to visualize the alerts generated in the Kibana dashboard.

.. thumbnail:: ../../images/gcp/gcp-kibana-dns-overview.png
    :align: center
    :width: 100%

Google Cloud logs can be filtered on Kibana by the ``data.gcp.logName`` field:

.. thumbnail:: ../../images/gcp/gcp-kibana-dns-log-filter.png
    :align: center
    :width: 100%

After selecting the ``Exists in`` button, only Google Cloud-related events will appear in the Kibana dashboard.

.. thumbnail:: ../../images/gcp/gcp-kibana-dns-filtered-logs.png
    :align: center
    :width: 100%

> If you need information about all the Google services with audit logs that the Wazuh GCP module could analyze, visit `the Google Cloud documentation <https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the `the Google Cloud documentation <https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/services>`_ to learn more about the different Google services capable of writing audit logs.
```
Use impersonal if possible

Author: The paragraph was included by mistake. I removed it in [766431d](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/4793/commits/766431db2d226ce17497762321c172d1e87fd3fd).
